Add options for disabling less useful tests (#129)
codeplaysoftware/portFFT: CMakeLists.txt

option(PORTFFT_BUILD_BENCHMARKS "Whether to enable building benchmarks" OFF)
option(PORTFFT_VERIFY_BENCHMARKS "Whether to verify FFT results during benchmarking. Verifies in the first iteration only" OFF)
option(PORTFFT_ENABLE_DOUBLE_BUILDS "Enable building tests and benchmarks using double precision" ON)
option(PORTFFT_ENABLE_BUFFER_BUILDS "Enable building tests with buffers" ON)

> option(PORTFFT_ENABLE_OOP_BUILDS "Enable building testswith out-of-place configuration where an equivalent in-place configuration is supported" ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(PORTFFT_ENABLE_OOP_BUILDS "Enable building tests with out-of-place configuration where an equivalent in-place configuration is supported" ON)
```
I don't think its worth the delays that will be caused by fixing this though.

if(${PORTFFT_USE_SCLA})
  target_compile_definitions(portfft INTERFACE PORTFFT_USE_SCLA)
endif()
if(${PORTFFT_ENABLE_BUFFER_BUILDS})
  target_compile_definitions(portfft INTERFACE PORTFFT_ENABLE_BUFFER_BUILDS=1)
else()
  target_compile_definitions(portfft INTERFACE PORTFFT_ENABLE_BUFFER_BUILDS=0)

> endif()

Reviewer 2: Sorry, just another thought: I don't think there is any reason to set the values `0` or `1` to `PORTFFT_ENABLE_BUFFER_BUILDS`, we can just define it or not define it like most of our other macros.

Author: done
